Merge develop into master (#315)
publiccodenet/about: activities/member-relations/information-about-founding-membership.md

---
type: Resource
---

# Information about Founding Membership template

## Resource

> You can access the [template here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/165RXZmeU6klU_QmCR06ACvY8SAtN27de1nilqOmi8Nw/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: This is fine, but for good form (and printing this with relevant styling) you should make the link a description of what it is, e.g.

```suggestion
The template is in [the Google Doc "Template_Information about Founding Membership"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/165RXZmeU6klU_QmCR06ACvY8SAtN27de1nilqOmi8Nw/edit?usp=sharing).
```

Author: see #329

## Assumptions

* This lightweight document that can be shared as minutes after an introductory meeting with interested public organizations
* This resource is a link to a Google doc for now, but might change format
* Any proposed changes to the content of this template must first be proposed on, and merged with, [the `master` branch of About](https://github.com/publiccodenet/about/tree/master) before being implemented here

## Use and further development

- [ ] Replace the “[highlighted text]” with customized text
- [ ] Share with potential members

> - [ ] Revise template with feedback once shared with 2-3 potential members

Reviewer: This should be tracked elsewhere and mixing usage and development instructions adds a lot of extra strain on both users and developers.
